feat: e2e tests (#95)
ory/elements: packages/test/README.md

# Ory Elements Test

> Ory Elements also provides a testing library built on top of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ory Elements provides a testing library built on top of
```

[Playwright](https://playwright.dev/). It allows you to test your application
integration with Ory automatically.

A lot of tests for common use-cases have been implemented in the library so that
you can focus on only writing tests for your specific edge-cases.

## Installation

You can install [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/) and the Ory Elements Test
library using npm.

---

`@ory/elements-test` only supports playwright 1.32.0 or higher. If you are using

> an older version of playwright, you will need to update it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an older version of playwright, please update it.
```

```

## Usage

Playwright should have created a `playwright.config.ts` file in your project.

Here, we will add your application web server configurations, environment setup
and specify which directory contains your tests. In this example, all tests will
be located in the `e2e` directory under the root of your project.

Environment variables can be setup through a bash script or any other method you
prefer. In this example, we will add the `APPLICATION_URL` and `ORY_PROJECT_URL`
environment variables inside the `global-setup.ts` file which should be created
by you in the root of your project.

```ts
const globlSetup = async () => {
  process.env.APPLICATION_URL = "http://localhost:3000"

  process.env.ORY_PROJECT_URL = "http://localhost:4000"
}

export default globlSetup
```

Below is an example of running Next.js on port 3000.

```ts
/* Run your local dev server before starting the tests */
  webServer: [
    {
      env: {
        NEXT_PUBLIC_ORY_SDK_URL: "http://localhost:4000",
      },
      command: "npm run dev -- --port 3000",
      timeout: 120 * 1000,
      port: 3100,
      reuseExistingServer: !process.env.CI,
    },
    // ...
    // other web servers
  ],
```

> To test against an Ory Network project, you will need to also add the Ory Tunnel
> to your configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test against an Ory Network project, add the Ory Tunnel
to your configuration.
```
